Intelligent Prioritization & Loop Closure: Design Review
[date]

Concept Testing Quotes & Insights
On creating member level task prioritization guidance: this will be helpful because some teams don’t know where to start (CTM)

On bringing quality chase lists into Commons tasking ecosystem: This will help make things more efficient for the market teams as it’s time consuming to create & maintain chase lists (CTM)

On surfacing welcome activities in unified view: it would be helpful for users not to have to toggle back and forth between Commons and the welcome activities checklist, and would act as a good reminder to complete certain activities as well (CTM)





Panel View | Care Team Concept Testing Insights
Key Insights
Decoupling check-ins from the task feed would make tasking more useful

"Separating check-ins from tasks would help... I wouldn’t miss anything important."
Users value urgency indicators over due dates for prioritizing tasks 

""If I get an alert for an urgent task, I address it by the end of the day.""
Insight #3

"Quote"
We interviewed care team members regarding their current usage of the ‘Home Page’ and ‘Inbox’ and their insights regarding current proposed changes to a future-state panel view
Customization is necessary to fit diverse workflows

“There are so many different ways one person [organize how they set up their] work throughout the day, and I think that’s what makes it complicated.”
Risk #2

“Quote”
Potential Pushback & Risks

Unified 360 Member View | Care Team Concept Testing Insights

Key Insights
Centralizing opportunities, tasks, and appointments would likely improve efficiency and reduce burden for care teams

“It’s nice to have the APV right in front of me... I’m not looking through the miscellaneous tasks at the bottom.”
Having a floating note button would reduce care team burden on needing to click between tabs

"I wouldn’t have to save drafts and reopen them. This would save me time."
Insight #3

"Quote"
We interviewed care team members regarding their current usage of the member ‘360 View’ and their insights regarding current proposed changes to a future unified view
Over-cluttering of the 360 view could obscure key priorities

“If we're just throwing in a bunch of goal-related tasks already in the care plan, I don’t see a lot of folks actually utilizing it or finding it helpful.”
Users still anticipate reliance on sub-tabs for detailed context for check-ins

"I’d still go to the timeline [even if the unified view is perfected] to create a note and make sure nothing gets missed.”
Potential Pushback & Risks
